[Music]
says it all you're the invincible Panchito
reviews Javi summarize it we see it again
and support super chat Don't give him the pleasure give him
the pleasure it would be to remove the music but
apart from that no [ __ ] and apart from that no [ __ ]
that was something that was uploaded that
day Now how are we going to upload it again and
such the invincible Pachito I was
also watching this a bit with Pablo
fighting with these people and wow
eh wow Pablo Pablo
defends himself better by not defending himself review
if the duco says it the duco says it friend
in your [ __ ] now if you come to
talk about me what do you expect me not to
answer you taro you're a [ __ ] taro it's
a gu Play music of babies crying I don't know
the music is not going to be removed Fran
the music is not going to be removed the music will
continue eh Pablo is giving cringe lately
Pablo I don't know if he thinks it's a
good one I've seen some clips out there on
Twitter inevitably I don't know how it
started Okay I'll see what
uncle sh says but the truth is I haven't seen
some things that I don't even understand, I don't
see the grace in them, I don't know why,
honestly, and the worst thing is that they come to
complain to me in Dallas, you know, and it's
like, what can I say? I mean,
honestly, Pablo, uh, is a person
who is a lawyer, uh, what
interests me is how I handle the cases
that he handles for me. I mean, he doesn't, he doesn't
even handle all of them, he handles some of them,
the music I sing with, Ha, no, no, no, I'm not
going to change the music, I'm not
going to, I'm not going to change the music, it's going to
have that music and I'll have to fight
the appeals until the end, it's worth 500
months, sir, please, please, let's see if you make
it, you can't be a
[ __ ], you can't, but you can't get
so burned for, uh, for being an idiot. I mean, if
you're going to, if you're going to get involved in this, you can't get
so burned for being an idiot, you know.
But Javi, the thing about giving out data on Nauter and
Cell, I haven't seen that either,
uh. It seems like [ __ ] to me, the
clicks that I've seen from Pablo, uh, these
last few days the truth I mean I haven't seen
the context of everything but it's that I don't
need to see much more happy or rather eh It
seems fine to me Up to a certain point I don't
get involved in the fights that he has with
other people Uh the other time nauter contacted me
to try eh to send
a message to Pablo for the
strike issue you know what I think about
strikes No I don't have to say my opinion
of strikes every time there's
a strike okay obviously I don't
criticize with the same force when it
's mine when it's someone else okay But you already
know what I think about the
strike issue no no I don't have to repeat it
every time someone puts the strike
someone else okay e but the same thing I
said to one and the other I mean I don't get involved
in your things if you know
that I have some monetization I come off
as kind of xenophobic But the thing is I don't
understand the xenophobic comments on
account of what calling
people Panchito Eh I don't speak Pancho it just doesn't make any I do
n't know it just doesn't make any [ __ ]
sense  and no grace when We have
a lot of followers Panchitos joke
brom Javi grabs the guitar and you sing
the song And I win what that what I was
telling you I don't get involved and if they
insult each other then it seems
logical to me if one insults the other then
the other one insults each other they
seem perfect to me or rather their fights I
don't get involved nor do I get involved in the fight of
one or the other or anything to me that they do
n't involve me at all that they are
suing each other they will know if they
consider that the content is to
stop it to sue him for whatever well let them
make tools just like
I use them of the lawsuits whenever
they want okay I don't know if I don't know if
Pablo or I mean I don't know if Dallas thinks it's a
good idea that Pablo makes public things
that maybe he hasn't given him permission that's
what I see eh that I didn't like okay I mean these
are things that I don't
understand But well I tell you I mean I
was traveling eh at the airport
some clips that were not
only that they were putting
clips on Twitter it's that  people start
labeling me as if I had
something to do with it because he's my lawyer let's
see and I don't agree with everything he
does neither my lawyer nor my
tax manager nor my miniaturero nor my
editor nor my father Franceta you
understand me I've done it no no well
then no no no I didn't relate it
to me that kind of thing The truth I mean what
interests me is that he
wins the lawsuits that I've filed against
him that's the only thing I want from him you
understand I mean no there's no more what am I
going to say well if there's a
person calling another person Panchita you've
given ruk an importance that he didn't
deserve he's not a musician or an artist he's just
a Twitter bully never pay attention
to any AC with a complex again but it's not like I
cared about putting on mund year
late when you can appeal the
Twitch account damn Alejandro a
kiss How are you friend I'm glad to hear from
you eh Well there's still a while to go
at least three months I think
because they said it was six at least
like at least if it's off topic in the
community I posted a clip of a video of you
speaking English because you
were in New York and you'll
laugh seeing who the hell
dressed in your tweet you retweeted it
from Troy thinking it was New York or
rather Loren appears in the back with
Mini's ears and behind him a sign with the words China
saying it was Disneyland Hong Kong and the
[ __ ] thought it was New York he
's an idiot poor buo [ __ ]
I just don't want to get into
your mother's profession man let's see let's
see here there is a here what there has been has
been a clear cultural clash eh here there has
been a clear cultural clash the
[ __ ] okay as an interpreter
that I am the [ __ ] it is said eh
Not to truly refer to you the
[ __ ] as such but it is
an expression that is used without bad an
expression Ah the [ __ ] how
bad this how about I don't know what clear I
can understand that here in Spain they don't
know that expression eh watch out I tell you
as bilingual that I am like  bilingual that I
am from Los Panchitos and the Europeans okay it
is a [ __ ] mother more or less okay
but here I don't know why it links
directly to the [ __ ] of ibel's mother
Father go daddy damn you're
writing too much in the chat those fingers
have to be cutting and pasting
click [ __ ] he's already more than 500 months old Sir
please please see if you arrive you
can't be the [ __ ] he can't well
the [ __ ] I
just don't want to get into your mother man there [ __ ]
if you say so you say so I don't there no
beings this doll like
that Heavy Crazy get a life
you're really a lawyer Prim but that's how
things are with gossip that uncle sh is
reacting to these people every day
things are short No well that Get a
real life and stop talking about
mine man I don't know who you are I have
n't seen a video of yours in my [ __ ]
life I don't know anything about you you're the one who
comes to mess with me because I
sue Yours  little friends let's see
let's see you all of you
all okay you all therefore I'm
going to feel part of what
my friend comments here you hate a
series of content creators period you
hate Dalas you hate Ja oliveira And that's it
and you hate them from now on no the guy doesn't
hate me It's not that I don't hate Dala bro
it's that for hating I hate not even Dallas
bro All good Javi Thanks when I
met you I was in the process of losing
weight and now in total I lost 72 kilos it's
amazing if you see the before and after
send it to me I have an
appointment with the nutritionist tomorrow and she's going to
tell me that I'm sure I gained fat this
week because I'm going to go to the food in
New York eh but I hate it damn it and everything
that has to do with them well you
give it a hard time and anyone who attacks
them well, you put it there my little friend
No, we precisely have against us
all those who attack Dallas if
this conversation precisely comes
from talking about the accounts of
sick people who are Javier  canine javiel
wigs and dalis beira if it is just just just
this whole conversation
ends up criticizing the [ __ ]
who spend all day criticizing
Dallas as if they were absolute sick
psychopaths of the moment that he
left with Dallas you welcomed him into the
chat hab and like everything you but how are you
going to tell me how are you going to
tell me t a loo is to react it is
an outrage there the guy Sur is watching it
no Carmen
incredible you are the old lady of the armchair [ __ ] you
are a panty sniffer dude a panty sniffer
But why If a channel dude is that
gibel is not even a [ __ ] gossip channel
bro Well but it smells a little Braga Yeah
that S I know That yes gibel if it can be no I mean
your whole life your whole life is
summed up to see if you find out Who
has slept with whom who has cheated on
whom who gets along
with whom If that is literally your
life not mine How come I  find a
life find a man here is the
answer that was the one who said the one who doesn't
have a life I understand Although the message goes
a little like for everyone you know
[ __ ] for me you leave for like that the
others [ __ ] youtuber I understand what are
you going to understand what are you going to understand if you have
n't passed if you haven't been to a
university clean your feet what are you going to
understand you have a law degree
gubel not like I state people
sir get a woman get a
woman adopt a dog get me Oh
If you only knew friend If you knew If
you knew what you get a woman the
day you touch a tit you're going to freak out
kid How have we reached this point
man at what moment did we reach this
point in which This is the exchange
of words between is that it seems
surreal to me man it seems absolutely
surreal to me what I'm seeing man No I ca
n't believe it man I really can't believe it man I ca
n't believe what I
'm seeing man now man that
Pablo denounces nauter if it's through
Dalas representing  Dallas for something
else because so many things have been said
that we know better
But then he Pablo Franco like Pablo
Franco will be saying that he wants to
sue anyone but I have never sued
anyone in my life kid is that I have never
sued anyone in my life [ __ ] I mean is that I have
not sued is that I Data the
same not even to this D I go but this
casillo man I wanted to see cel giving his opinion on the
strike Wait luares
this had already finished the funcos dude you
realize that maybe when at the beginning he
said that he didn't know who Gibel was the
truth is that I'm already believing it
almost at the end of the clip eh I'm almost believing it
all the
defenders of the strike jumped on him I didn't know anyway I didn't
even know who she was this doll I don't know if she
has many fans if she doesn't have then maybe
I don't even know who you are man I don't
even know who you are and you come to tell me to
find a life that I don't know what the
only thing I really know about you is that
you're in this discussion that you do there the ones you
know to talk to talk  of
other content creators the
only thing I know about you being the girlfriend girlfriend or
rather for being the girlfriend DEA you what you know is
who is whose boyfriend who is whose
girlfriend who is so and so let's
leave it here because it's not more and I'm not going to
upload it to any of my channels Well
but [ __ ] that's what we all do
Pablo Dallas is also very very about
wanting to know who the sex or
girlfriends of so and so are I dedicate myself to gossip
Javi is dedicated to gossip we all
dedicate ourselves to gossip bro yes we all
dedicate ourselves to the same thing you know But Javi
dala I cel nauter that more or less
chile new york I mean while I
was chile in New York
all this was happening and Nicols Maduro hard
was making me a drawing I don't know
how I'm going to explain to my mother what I do who
left him with who if
this one cheated on him he didn't cheat on him it's that
in the end eh let's go we're all the
same I don't know it's just that it seems to me like
using it in a love them way in a no guidel way
you only such a [ __ ] pus that we all
criticize them the  gossip let's do the
same bro it's the universe of gossip what is
there there isn't much more you see it as
stupid to use it as an argument to
discredit another person
when [ __ ] well precisely eh his
client who is Dallas who is going to sue
nauter Well they are both [ __ ]
gossip channels the truth is that I don't know how to
achieve anything man this and that's why you
despise it and I think it's fine I think it's
human I think it's human you have based
your entire life on saying I'm going to see if I say
very scandalous things to get
more subscribers and that way I become a
big content creator and I don't know what I don't
know but We play in different leagues
We play in different leagues your story
of a doll of go V you I don't know what you
try to make it funny but you're pathetic you're
very pathetic right it's the same you'll
last Mad you'll last Mad you'll last and I hope that
when you mature you delete these you because you
still have children who don't have to
go through this embarrassment of seeing you saying
these things and being bullied at
school and these stories I'm freaking out
eh I'm freaking out dude it's  which
seems like an outrage to me eh but like
exaggeratedly like disproportionate man I
mean absolutely disproportionate
all this brother par is absolutely
absurd man I mean
absolutely disproportionate and absurd s
also absurd I think that what happened
with Pablo is a little c that is very saddening
and we are going to continue with
serious things okay let's continue now
that I have given his place here to
this one to the enlightened one that you are enlightened well let's
continue with serious things
okay with legislation and I don't know I haven't
said yet you are talking about my
life [ __ ] that I am not talking about yours
what who talked about his life sir let's
see what Pablo Franco can't do
here is say that we talk about
his life When really The genesis of
Why we talk at that moment about Pablo
Franco is for a matter that is
public and that is a matter of interest
because it has to do with a complaint
first a member of the discussion and
second whether or not he is a member of the discussion
Or whether or not he was a friend of mine nauter or in other words it
all starts because  Pablo has said
in public that there is this complaint that
Pablo also does not have because come on I don't know
if Dallas would have asked him to announce it
But the reality man is that it is still
something that is of interest to
gossip in general you can give it more
interest or less you can believe that it is something
eh more powerful or less powerful But it is
still something that well it is
information it has to do with gossip
and and and it is not strange that we want to
know about that it is that in the end I do not
see anything wrong with it man nobody said anything about
you Sir we only saw a tweet and we just
laughed why did you get angry it is that
I do not know who you are I do not know what I told you I do not
know where you are because of the accent you have
Panchito Panchito review I love it eh Let's
see you got it right but historical racist No
look there is racism and racism here I go
Panchito according to the RAE is the
colloquial name with which the
casanas are known to be honest I also
start to defend tooth and nail a
client who gives me 000 for a face complaint
sticking my tongue out at him  I defend myself even from the
bug 19
Eh yes
but I don't know what they have agreed And
what is it but it seems to me
that Pablo has started to
say about the complaint on his own
no Jai Take care of Super bigote yeah yeah yeah
I haven't said anything but if I have never
messed with that man I don't know the
truth to the peanuts manis or
well thanks for the tables Javi I
nauter tel stutters one will do them one
way or another but more or less how
important is the chim as such some
will be more critical others will be more
informative some will be more about taking it as a
laugh others will be more analytical eh
but the reality is that precisely all
the Javi chat this one the other all more
or less we are dedicated to the same thing not to
gossip to find out what's going on the chim
Who has left who why they
left is that I don't know it's not something bad it is
what there is I mean both of their clients
we are all dedicated to the same thing dude the
pancheria a kiss
jorio there are nuances obviously there are nuances
but the harsh reality
is that there isn't that much of a difference. I
mean, I haven't reported the video,
but if wimu had reported
a video to tomy 11, I would support
wimu, I would say report it. I have
n't reported the video, but
if wimu had reported a
video to tomy 11, I would support wimu, I would
say rept more, you can report more
videos here tomy tomy but well, tomy is
the kid who died of cancer, can you
report a few more please, a
lot of the future tomy 11 because I say Toy
11 11 I did
n't marry What is Tomy Black's name? Tomy
Black Tomy 11 the Bolivian, no, no to Tomy
11, no to Tommy 11. No, poor kid, I mean,
really, that was a drama, to Tommy 11, not
to Tommy Black, to Tommy Black, to Tommy 11,
no to tomy. For me, I know if wismichu
reports the videos, perfect. I
applaud him, I applaud him, I put up a monument for him.
I go here to my town and  I make a
statue I say to the mayor Hello I want to
make a statue of Wismichu Well I didn't
put up a statue When Wismichu wanted to
tear down the Bedaf channel and they told me no and I
said well I'm going to do it Anyway
you kick me out of the municipality and I built a [ __ ]
statue here with cement with
Wismichu's [ __ ] face and
saying you get off in Charret you know I
put a button with an audio so when
people go press the button and say I earn
money watching tits in Rent And that's
the monument that I would make you know
one thing is that here there
are grays okay For example there are people
on the internet that I don't like and if
something bad happens to them well I'm going to give a damn
but I'm not going to be happy exactly man
it's one thing all viola if you like
Wismichu But how are you going to laugh about
the chats Well I don't know I have seen pe
the comment from atomy 11 but
the other day they were viralizing a clip
of when it was discovered that this
man had sent him I am that no El
Paso this man is suing simo and the
only thing I want is  that they pass so that
the lawsuit reaches him as soon as possible And that
the procedure goes through as
quickly as possible eh Not for nothing s because
the first one has to happen and then the
second you understand that's the only thing I
want to go from this man the other day
they were releasing the clip again where I
comment to him Uh where I ask him about the
message he sent to Dallas no that he
before becoming a Dallas hater
and he had sent him some messages Oh look
Dallas I defended you in a video do
you want to see it I don't know what doing him like
thanks to Dallas It's not funny if Dallas
had answered the message he would be right
now pambisito messing with Win
michu I don't know what I don't know how much You know I
imagine that with time Well,
someone will have answered his messages
and will have positioned himself where someone who has
paid attention to him you know but
that it doesn't matter what he says it doesn't matter s
that look at what he says you know something that is
different and something that uh I consider that it is
or rather I want to say exactly Or rather
to me for example they take down the channel of a
person that I don't like well one thing is
that I am not false and  that I'm not going to
say [ __ ] I'm so sorry I don't know what Or
because it's good I've talked about this many
times with the subject of condolences the
typical condolences to look good with everything
Not for everyone to see you everyone saying it
in public Oh I'm so sorry about your
father and It's like a person you
kill yourself with you understand me you don't feel it
[ __ ] don't say something you don't feel
and besides you're saying it in public
you know it's so they give you Oh look look
or look knows how to keep differences
but it's not that you're happy but it's not that it hurts you either you
understand me I mean
saving the distances the subject of the
strikes eh they give him a strike
Who do I say MMM Win michu they
give him a strike Win michu and they close his
channel Well, about the strikes I would still have the
same opinion as I think about the
subject of the strikes and I don't Let's see it wouldn't hurt me it would
n't affect me I would say [ __ ] I'm
so sorry but it wouldn't make me happy either I mean
no no I don't feel that you understand
why I'm going to  cheer up that what does it
mean to me no that you know me laseren is not
my friend no And if tomorrow imagine
laseren vo laseren fy it's that I don't care
who you know eh I don't know if they give him a
strike they close his channel they don't
close it they steal his motorcycle no They steal it
obviously it's not going to affect my day
to day and I won't be happy either of course I'm not happy but no I don't feel it but it's not that I'm happy either and I put it And say Ah I'm putting up a statue of you I don't know what because that's what's going to make me happy in
life in life I'm happy about other
good things grandpa you were missed Noe
born like the haters who without you were
anxious and looking at his Aron pack to
distract themselves but without much happy face
crying Don't forget to check out the salseria
you have accumulated content come on
Okay now let's take a look you know what I'm telling you I mean I do
n't know it's that they are
people who have hate and they have
frustrations grudges you know I don't know I
think it's because he hasn't been able to
dedicate himself to what we do  the
rest you know and that's it and has That hatred and
that t Neither for good nor for bad eh but
already rejoice, I mean I would be happy if Wi
michu puts 200 strikes on this one because
Karim tells me And remind him that when he
almost killed himself on the stairs you weren't
happy, come on, the first thing is that I didn't even
find out, I found out with time after
that apparently he had an
accident, eh I don't even know what it is
exactly, that he fell down the
stairs and something serious happened to him, no I
mean, I know something from hearsay because Tommy said
something, not the day they debated eh And it
seems to me that once I heard a joke that
someone made, not about that accident, no, I do
n't know exactly what it is, but
why would I be happy about this person?
The only thing I want is eh from me that he doesn't
talk that that is an Inevitable thing
because he has that thing let's
call it obsession with me eh And he does it
every day Eh, I mean,
responses to my tweet appear, I don't know if he thinks that
with that he is crazy or something Cool, I don't know, I
mean that's it  your thing you know but but
the only thing I want from this person
is for him to pay me the lawsuits and and
that he goes to trial you know and
stuff and and a little more to be happy that I'm
leaving I'm happy that an
accident happened to him man M is a person that
gives me Exactly the same in life what's up
man be happy be happy about something about
a person really dude you neither care nor
come a person it's that no they neither go nor see each other
in reality now being happy about
that is a little like host bro yeah I
even feel sorry for some things
this is no longer a job I don't know I
throw you you throw me argument debate already
I'm happy that they get a
strike And if they get two you better know the
plan
of
why What's up Tom I like the background music I
must say
eh I don't know if it's copyrighted or not but I
like it then the ler is very bad it's that
but let's see cheri I already have the role of
Villain no matter what I do I do
nothing I'm a bad guy I do less I'm
a bad guy I don't do I continue  without doing anything I'm
a bad guy you want the path of pain
you will have the path of pain I mean like I
've already said I'm a sincere killer
I say what I think what I think is that
if wismichu reports to the Channel and
applauds wismichu and that's it I mean without
more you want me to tell you that Oy I'm not
dismayed I'm not happy do you want to
see It's that here there is a difference or rather
and what I have explained before Eh In the end
man you say [ __ ] that tomy man
laughed that I hit my
head and almost died man and it was something
obviously traumatic that man if you
laugh at that then I cross you out
eh okay And such But already getting to the point of
I would be happy if such a thing happens to this guy
because because yes because the bad thing is what has to
happen to him and I am happy And
and I enjoy it and I celebrate it that's
saying something Well there are other things to be
happy about in life I think you know
man exactly I have
many reasons in life  mine to be
happy as to be happy about
something like that you know to be happy about that
poor laser in his mind he is
right help him Javi so that he makes you a
statue what I want from him I have already
said it many times is that I hope
since in fact we are already in January
I filed the lawsuit in May I hope that it
arrives please and that the
procedure begins and and and to put the second one you
know put the second one for the things
since which I know from the moment in which
the first one was filed until now
everything that he has said to put a second one
in which they are going to ask him for much more than
the first obviously and that he
presses the causes that he pays what he has to
pay what justice says
and little more I do not want to know anything else about what it
gives me Eh yes Joy yes I think that he will
appear in the case in fact for
example the one in Dallas yes he is represented
Eh yes he has gone to the court and all those
things so I understand that now
with the lawsuits when the
civil ones arrive I don't know if the one in
Dallas arrived too eh
all the lawsuits should already start arriving  he has
eh what how slow eh how slow
man what a lazy justice really what's
lazy to send anyone else man neither
nor nor anything that's why man I would never be
happy man that he looked at me doing it damn well you
know that I do
n't get along with him eh I have too many things in
life to be happy that
someone gives him a strike man I mean it's
how you have to have your life for that to make
you happy man I mean look at
Tania was today eh look at her
motivation in her life and she was today
posting a screenshot of my social Blade
from December and saying that I had
had 60 for less visits this
month it's like man Of course if I have been
like three four weeks without working
between the time I dedicated to the rewind
in the time that I was sick that I was
without doing live shows and and such and then I
went on a trip to New York Of course if you
upload half if you upload half of the
content sm well math you have
half of the total visits for the month but
well life doesn't  but trust you the
reasons and the things that I have in
life to be happy that someone
gives him a strike my goodness it's that these
things seeing you these things I
pity you know they make me feel sorry
simply nothing there's no more but I'm not
going to be happy man that tomorrow they
give him a strike or that tomorrow such and such it will
cause me indifference but being happy already
means that I hate him
eh But what is the sound that reaches you I do
n't understand what sound is coming there
shouldn't be any static I
don't understand where that sound comes from now that is
new now this year that it shouldn't
have to I don't understand what it is
So it's something bad that happens to him it makes me
happy because of course eh he is my
enemy you know he is not my enemy nor the
wig nor the canine nor whatever I mean I don't give a damn about
three hectares of dick eh
but not to be happy No what to do you know I have to pretend to be
sad eh I think that
if you are a bad guy because we
were very comfortable on Twitch and you
took it away from us already already that's true eh
I want to know  how are you I'm fine n I
'm pretty good The truth is
pretty
good something else I would report you you should
report me in fact everyone
should report 28th of 12 I mean this
is April Fools' Day I must say
that I've been thinking for a while now that
many of the things I've said about sizes and
Jai maybe weren't exactly what I thought and I still don't like it
but it could be
that they're right about many things the
way is neutrality and the lady man it's
2025 I'm on vacation I don't
know what day I live in I almost blocked you
Hahaha I almost blocked him man it's
2025 i